Add Native Code / connection tracking demo (#1079)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/GettingStarted.md

15. Show that the verifier rejects the code ```netsh ebpf show verification droppacket.o xdp```
16. Show that loading the program fails ```netsh ebpf add program droppacket.o xdp```

### Connection Tracking Demo with Native BPF program
#### Prep

> 1. Setup test machine with [HVCI enabled](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/device-guard/enable-virtualization-based-protection-of-code-integrity) and [test signing enabled](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/the-testsigning-boot-configuration-option).

Author: Setup a test machine...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up a test machine with [HVCI enabled](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/device-guard/enable-virtualization-based-protection-of-code-integrity) and [test signing enabled](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/the-testsigning-boot-configuration-option).
```

2. Build the conn_track.c BPF program ```clang -g -target bpf -O2 -Werror -Iinclude -Iexternal/bpftool -Itests/socket -c tests/sample/conn_track.c -o x64\Release\conn_track.o```.
3. Build the native BPF program ```powershell scripts\Convert-BpfToNative.ps1 conn_track.o```.
4. Build the conn_tracker.exe program ```msbuild /m /p:Configuration=Release /p:Platform=x64 ebpf-for-windows.sln /target:"tools\conn_track"```.
5. Copy conn_track.sys and conn_tracker.exe to the test machine (with eBPF-for-Windows installed).

#### Demo
1. Launch the conn_tracker.exe with no arguments.
2. Launch Edge and browse to some website.
3. Observe that it emits a line in the form "[source_IP]:src_port==>[dest_ip]:dest_port   Protocol  Duration"

> 4. Start real time trace with ```tracelog -start MyTrace -guid ebpf-printk.guid -rt```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start a real time trace with ```tracelog -start MyTrace -guid ebpf-printk.guid -rt```
```
